Update Feb 2021 (#22)
danieleongari/CURATED-COFs: README.md

This repository contains original structures from literature search, with git-tracked corrections. \
DFT-optimized frameworks with DDEC charges are available on [Materials Cloud](https://www.materialscloud.org/discover/curated-cofs).

* `cof-frameworks.csv` contains the list of COFs

> * `cof-discarded.csv` contains a list of COFs that have been discarded because of known duplicate, discarded layering, discarded n-folding, or other reasons reported in the document

Reviewer: Does `n-folding` refer to interpenetration?

```suggestion
* `cof-discarded.csv` contains a list of COFs that have been discarded because of duplicate detection, unobserved stacking variant, unobserved interpenetration, or other reasons reported in the document
```

Author: modified

* `cof-papers.csv` contains a list of the reference papers for the COFs in the database: for example, `p0701` is the reference of COFs `07010N3`, `07011N3`, `07012N3`, and `07013N3`

> * `cifs/` directory, contains all the CIF files for the COFs listed in `cof-frameworks.csv` and `cof-discarded.csv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cifs/` contains all the crystallographic information files (CIFs) for the COFs listed in `cof-frameworks.csv` and `cof-discarded.csv`
```

> The database is built on top of the work of [Tong et al.](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpcc.8b04742), named [CoRE-COF-DT280-v2.0](https://github.com/core-cof/CoRE-COF-Database/tree/2c1419d1f3c0d6eccce4306728cfe151c6b2ee08).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database builds on the work of [Tong et al.](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpcc.8b04742), named [CoRE-COF-DT280-v2.0](https://github.com/core-cof/CoRE-COF-Database/tree/2c1419d1f3c0d6eccce4306728cfe151c6b2ee08).
```

Author: accepted
